[RHDHBUGS-2722]: Restructure authentication title to JTBD outline (#2049)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/shared/proc-enable-authentication-with-github.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="enable-authentication-with-github_{context}"]
= Enable authentication with GitHub

[role="_abstract"]
Configure GitHub as your {product} sign-in provider.

.Prerequisites
* You have xref:share-a-secret-with-github_{secrets-context}[shared a secret with GitHub].

.Procedure

> . Enable the GitHub authentication provider, by adding the GitHub authentication provider section to your `{my-app-config-file}` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add a GitHub authentication provider section to your `{my-app-config-file}` file:
```

Enter the sign-in resolver name.
Available resolvers:

. `usernameMatchingUserEntityName`
. `preferredUsernameMatchingUserEntityName`
. `emailMatchingUserEntityProfileEmail`

`dangerouslyAllowSignInWithoutUserInCatalog`::::
Enter `true` to configure the sign-in resolver to bypass the user provisioning requirement in the {product-short} software catalog.
+
[WARNING]
====

> In production more, do not enable `dangerouslyAllowSignInWithoutUserInCatalog`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In production mode, do not enable `dangerouslyAllowSignInWithoutUserInCatalog`.
```

====

> . To disable the guest login option, in the `{my-app-config-file}` file, set the authentication environment to `production`:

Reviewer: is this an optional step?

Author: No, it is even a repetition, but it was a special request from stakeholders, therefore I kept it.

+
[source,yaml]
----
auth:
  environment: production
----

.Verification
. To verify GitHub authentication:
.. Go to the {product-short} login page.
.. Your {product-short} sign-in page displays *Sign in using GitHub* and the Guest user sign-in is disabled.

> .. Log in with a GitHub account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Go to the {product-short} login page.
. Your {product-short} sign-in page displays *Sign in using GitHub* and the Guest user sign-in is disabled.
. Log in with a GitHub account.
```
